Vampire Knives Extended adds many new knives and vampire-based accessories into the game, along with a few random (poorly sprited) pets. You'll want a recipe browser.

Also, there is optional compatibility (included in the mod) with calamity mod that adds 6 new knives to the game that *should* scale well. 

Update 3.3, The Upgrade Update:
Added the ability to upgrade your knives at the Vampire Altar (menu opened by right-clicking on the altar)
Added the Crit Emblem, this boosts crit chance by 8% for all damage types and can be used to upgrade your knives at the knife altar (stacks to 20)
Made the whetstone slightly harder to make and stacks to 20 (now required to upgrade your knives)
Two new material drops that are used to upgrade your knives (for details on exact drops check the wiki, which is posted in the discord)

Recent Changes:

Hotfix 3.2.3: Fixed support projectile
Hotfix 3.2.2: Fixed lifesteal imbalance and slight balance to luminite knives
Hotfix 3.2.1: Fixed debug relics and wyvern projectile
3.2:
Added three difficulty modes (will possibly be expanded upon in the future)
Gave the knife workbench functioning item slots that hold the hammer and chisel, this inventory is universal across worlds.
Major changes to material knives, they now have armor piercing and can cause massive damage when paired with some of the other knives. (Note this doesn't affect bosses who have constantly reseting armor)
Added ammo crafting enhancement system (get better at making knives over time)

Update 3.1.4: Harpy and Wyvern knives fully implemented, 100% drop from wyvern, 8% drop from harpy
	-Fixed inconsistencies
	-Added light to the True Excalibur Swords
	-Rebalanced damage and lifesteal
Hotfix 3.1.3: Fixed incompatibility with unleveled mod
Hotfix 3.1.2: Fixed a few recipes, fixes to vampire necklace, updated crystal sprites
Hotfix 3.1.1: Fixed Knife Worktable being unbreakable in multiplayer
3.1:
Addition of recipe pages that help explain crafting in the game. These recipes can be found in chests throughout the world(Requires a new world), or can be bought from the Vampire NPC
Finalization of plate system for defense knives (slightly more balanced now)
Multiple bug fixes
Hotfix 3.0.2: Fixed crash caused by selecting item in the skin shop
Ported to most recent version
Fixed some textures
Changed some damage scaling
Big nerf to lifesteal, but will likely be nerfed further as testing continues
Complete change to vampire necklace (Based on bosses killed)
Addition of a skin shop for the necklace (Talk to the Vampire NPC)
Addition of new tier of defense knives
Addition of new tier of support knives (Tier 3 scales as you defeat bosses)


Past Changes: 

New town NPC - Arrives after either BoC or EoW is defeated.
New healing system - The more damage you do, the more Blood Essence you accrue.
A new crafting table that allows you to craft anything and everything from the mod, and will even decrease the material costs of every item.
A TON of new knives, more than I could remember.
A new knife damage class.
A new armor set, that scales with each boss you defeat.
A few new accessories to make the new damage class viable.
MANY Many changes to balance.
New way to craft the casts, knives, throwing knives, etc. w/out spawning another at random. (For more info on recipes that require casts, hammers, chisels, etc. join the discord, though, a wiki is in the works!)
Probably a whole lot more I'm forgetting :P
